# FoG-M3
## Introduction
Freezing of gait (FoG) is a common motor impairment when Parkinson’s disease patients enter the moderate stage or higher, leading to a high risk of falls. Although previously reported methods have accurately identified FoG, significant issues remain in predicting it. These issues include the difficulty of labelling pre-FoG due to their distinct personalization, sudden onset, and variability, as well as mismatch between the amounts of FoG data and normal gait data, and inadequate model feature representation ability. To address these issues, we introduce a deep learning-based FoG prediction FoG-M3 (Mix, MoCo, and Mamba) method. This method uses non-fixed length for Pre-FoG instead of a fixed length, allowing for accurate labelling. To solve the long-tail problem, we combined FoG-Mix with U-Net and the Mamba module. The FoG-MoCo contrastive learning strategy was utilized to improve the model representation ability. Through this method, we can predict FoG occurrences before the FoG onset about 6 seconds. The predictions of normal gait, pre-FoG, and FoG are accurate, up to 95\% on the Daphnet dataset and 93\% on the BHXC dataset. The Pre-FoG prediction accuracy also achieves about 90\% on both datasets, showing better performance than FoG-Net, ResNeXt, and ResNet based on contrastive learning. The FoG-M3 method can predict Pre-FoG with high accuracy and efficiency, which has high potential in the field of rehabilitation for people with Parkinson’s disease.

## Usage
...
